(music)
- So now it's time for my solution to this challenge,
and I've actually implemented
for both the Postgres database and the Cassandra database,
so you'll have both of those available
to you in the exercise files.
Let's start with the Cassandra version.
So what I've done
is in SRC/main/resources, application of properties,
I've put a "bedInfo" property.
And in this case, I'm passing 1K.
Now in SRC/main/Java, in the runner class...
I've added a few things here.
So on line 31, you'll see that I create a CQL statement
but I have a bind variable in there.
So I'm setting that bedInfo equal
to question mark.
This is good practice, obviously it helps you prevent
against some CQL injections when you start doing things
like using them.
So then I create an array list,
and then I do a prepared statement
because this is now a prepared statement
as opposed to just a regular statement.
Once I do that, I have to create a bound statement
so that I can bind that bind variable to the statement,
and in that case, I'm passing in the bed info there
on line 34.
The rest of it is pretty much the exact same.
I'm iterating over the results set, and then I go through
and print out the data.
I can go ahead and run that.
And you'll see that all of my output this time has 1K
as the bedInfo.
Now in the command app,
so in the Postgres version, and obviously I've got both
of these databases running,
you'll see in the resources I've added the same resource,
so application that bed info.
And now in SRC/main/Java, in the command runner,
you'll see, once again on line 30 I set
that configuration property.
Then I go through, let me shrink this a little bit,
so it's easier to read.
Alright, so now what I do on line 37
is I create a similar query that we did before,
but now you'll see that I set a where clause
in the statement, and I'm setting it equal to a variable
called "bedInfo".
Then I set the parameter on line 38
which is a continuation of the above line.
I set the parameter bedInfo equal to the value
of bedInfo from the configuration property.
And then I get a result list from that.
So, pretty much the same concept of setting
in a bind variable and a parameter to pass in,
and it's a much safer way to do your CQL queries.
And this will run the exact same way.
And you'll see everything we get back is 1K in this case.
So that's what we would expect,
and that was my solution to this challenge exercise.